It's a good resource is to look at while starting out. Remember, the chief
of Naval Operations? See, you know, has his recommended reading
list. Secretary of Defense. I have not seen his reading list lately
because the Secretary of Defense is acting at this point, but he will
come out with his reading list. And most of the admirals and generals
Common war. You know, we'll have a reading list. Okay, I read that.
Okay. Uh, General Patton War to General Patton. What he wanted
to West Point Had he survived a war to be sent back there. Leave West
Point General one everyone to study history, history. History was
not interested in engineering. And that's that's very fascinating to
hear from General Patton because he is the one that learned on his
own how to move a tank. And that was a technological innovation from
one World War two. Let's create everything else was built around the
tech. He learnt the tank and yet he professes history. Read your history,
learn the art of warfare because with every new technological
innovation, you still have to have men and women behind that innovation.
To implement a strategy to implement the art of warfare that
has a change. So study warfare, study your tactics, study your procedures,
learn those